Financial Institutions and Crypto Customers: Insightful Industry Application experiment provided by the author based on a real-world scenario in legacy banking institutions. The approach presented by the author focuses on practical issues faced by legacy banking institutions, such as the lack of standardised policy on insurance products for crypto-mining equipment; lack of any crypto hedging insurance and standard lack of operative risk insurance products for a potentially huge and wealthy customer base operating in broader crypto markets. It proposes a model aimed at beneficial resolution by creating a centralised dedicated department handling all the AML/KYC procedures expected from such a standard legacy institution operating within a regulated market (in this instance, the European Union). The author also highlights various services and products to be offered in the Insurance segment of the broader financial services industry. While talking about the immediate need for skilled talent acquisition, solely focused on distributed-ledger technologies and its associated products. This argument builds on real-life examples and highlights the opportunity costs to legacy banking institutions for missing out on an up-and-coming market space. 
The author also stresses the need to create seamless customer service for customers in the crypto market who are looking to buy legitimate financial products. Such customers can look at viable financial products to provide a hedge against any market volatility and supernatural circumstances. This is a major limitation in legacy banking institutions as such standardised products are readily available in the market for legacy financial products, but due to unclear regulations about cryptos and employees' biases such developments are lagging in pace; failing to keep up with the technological improvements the world and crypto-space is experiencing. 
Such awareness and potential solutions when applied to a wider market operating within legacy banking institutions can promote positive competition amongst key players whilst providing an alternative source of revenue to such institutions. The author highlights this quite well while making a business case by talking about the potential positive impact of diversifying the income streams of legacy financial institutions, which rely heavily on legacy financial products as their main source of revenue. The author correctly highlights a need to integrate cryptocurrencies from an internal as well as external viewpoint of such legacy financial institutions. Whereby the opportunity cost is too high for not investing in resolving internal and external challenges faced by such institutions. The author highlights the need to integrate distributed-ledger technologies (DLT) into existing systems and processes, with an end-to-end vision of innovation, use of cutting-edge programming languages and designing new products from scratch to embrace the new era of financialisation. 
Concluding with the experiment, the author highlights the opportunity to be a market leader to such legacy financial institutions by embracing the evolving financial landscape. A major limitation of such an implementation however can be the associated infrastructure costs to be borne by the legacy banking institutions for a rather insignificant market in the grander scheme of things, as can be seen in the  MiCAR regulation (European Commission, 2019) cited by the author. The author also fails to take into account the insolvency and restructuring scenario of such crypto-based entrepreneurs, as the chance of the businesses based on DLT going bust is higher than the traditional banking products. Overall, this is an interesting thought experiment which explores the potential of DLT-based products and customers to operate under the umbrella of the backbone of modern credit creators, i.e. legacy financial institutions. The author provides a convincing business case for legacy financial institutions to start working in the DLT space with minimum viable business products by providing practical solutions to standard day-to-day problems faced by such banking institutions in the market. 
